without compassion of the classes this
early morning two dead left an accident
vehicular at the height of kilometer 37
this happened in the Pan-American north of
the images
i
two minors dead and two others
dying men were left inside the
front body of this car that
it ended up shattered
the firefighters after stabilizing the
young people were trying to remove the vehicles
however the work was already complicated
who were trapped
the engine to several meters the part of the
vehicle entry evidenced the
magnitude of the terrible accident that
it happened at kilometer 37 the
Pan-American North in Stone Fountain
the shocked car of a girl who
it's just lying down and it's dead and
it seems that the head is blamed according to
wanted to leave towards desperate and have
took out three the driver who has been almost
almost dying and there what have been
taken to the hospital according to witnesses and
vehicle was driven to excessive
speed when it hit against this
wall of the central berm
this 17-year-old the driver
unfortunately and invaded when I was
transferred to the stone bridge hospital
holly bendandi making toma and michael
flowers
steve the wounded
while the firemen removed the
vehicle of the artist the experts of
criminal analysis in the body of
this minor and died that expelled from
car
the first hypothesis indicate that the
young people who were coming from the olive trees
they are with they would have been drunk